docs: soften our stance on self-hosting (#10376)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/index.mdx

import Disclaimer from './\_snippets/disclaimer.mdx'
import Sunset from '../self-host/\_snippets/sunset-disclaimer.mdx'

## What is self-hosted PostHog?

PostHog is open-source and freely available for anyone to host themselves. We offer a free Docker Compose deployment under an MIT license. Essentially, self-hosting PostHog means you run or purchase your own infrastructure, manage deployments, choose your own URLs to expose it on, and deal with any scaling issues yourself.

> The self-hosted version is the same exact product we run on PostHog Cloud, though our infrastructure is very, very different to support the kind of volumes we see across all of our cloud customers. We don't do tagged releases for self-hosted PostHog. All commits go through our standard CI/CD pipeline before they are merged into our cloud deployments and also become available for self-hosted instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The self-hosted version is the same exact product we run on PostHog Cloud, though our infrastructure is very, very different to support serious volume. We don't do tagged releases for self-hosted PostHog. All commits go through our standard CI/CD pipeline before they are merged into our cloud deployments and also become available for self-hosted instances.
```

    n13 -- No --> n11
    n9 -- Yes --> n14@{ label: "Have you compared the pricing for your anticipated volume vs the cost of a devops engineer's time?" }
    n14 -- "Yes, and it's cheaper to do this in-house" --> n15@{ label: "We've literally never seen this math work out. However..." }
    n15 --> n13
    n12 -- It's something else --> n16["We host all lots of companies with privacy needs, feel free to send a message with your requirements and we can go from there."]
    n16 --> n11
    n14 -- No --> n18["Use the calculator on posthog.com/pricing, then come back"]
    n18 -- "Going back to this question..." --> n14
    n14 -- Yes, and it's cheaper to use Posthog Cloud --> n19["Because we spread the cost of managing infra across all our customers, PostHog Cloud is usually far cheaper than doing it yourself!"]
    n19 --> n11
    n13 --> n3
    n3 --> n20@{ label: "We don't offer customer support for product, infrastructure, or other questions for self-hosted instances. That alright with you?" }
    n20 -- No --> n11

>     n20 --> n21["Are you cool with just using the features that are available on the free plan? All paid-plan features are Cloud-only. But of course, you do have access to the source code ;)"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    n20 --> n21["Are you cool with just using the features that are available on the free plan? All paid-plan features are Cloud-only."]
```

Author: ha I kinda liked acknowledging that people think they can or will do this

    n21 -- Yep --> n4["Feel free to give PostHog self-hosting a try!"]
    n21 -- No, I want all the features --> n11
    A@{ shape: rounded}
    n6@{ shape: hex}
    n7@{ shape: rounded}
    n8@{ shape: rect}
    n11@{ shape: diam}
    n3@{ shape: rect}
    n14@{ shape: rect}
    n15@{ shape: rect}
    n20@{ shape: rect}
    n4@{ shape: diam}
```

> If you've decided that PostHog Cloud is the better option for you, go ahead and sign up for a free account on our [US](https://us.posthog.com/signup) or [EU](https://eu.posthog.com/signup) cloud instance, whichever you prefer.
> 
> If instead you've decided that self-hosting is for you, you can follow the rest of this guide to get it up and running. You can always move your data to PostHog Cloud later if you get stuck on the infra or simply tired of managing it yourself (it is powerful software so can be kind of a beast, even when using the simple Docker compose version). Alright, let's get to it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the rest of the guide for instructions on how to set up self-hosted PostHog. If you want to use Cloud instead, you can sign up for our
 [US](https://us.posthog.com/signup) or [EU](https://eu.posthog.com/signup) cloud instance.
```
